
# The Social Spot
We are an iOS mobile application for efficient remote work that aims to improve the experience of employees by including entertainment and socialization into their workday.

If you want to preview the prototype, use this link <a href="https://www.figma.com/proto/MUFvIhwHuzsE5Urau3g9U0/TSS?node-id=2113%3A6930&scaling=contain&page-id=0%3A1&starting-point-node-id=2113%3A6930&show-proto-sidebar=1">TSS</a>.


# Description
The Social Spot brings a new perspective when it comes to remote working. The app combines the daily work with features such as gamificaton in order to make the work from distance a more pleasant experience. The purpose of the app is as follows: At a certain time, every day there will be a "Virtual Happy Hour" and that is why there is a timer in the app which indicates the time remaining until the next "Virtual Happy Hour". Once the time for the "Happy Hour" has come, the employees can either choose to do a Virtual Voffee Break with a random colleague or to play the Game of the Day. If they decide to have a Virtual Coffee Break, they will click a button and they will get a random colleague from the company with whom they can talk on a certain topic which is generated by the app (the purpose is socialization). However, if the person decides to play the Game of the Day, they have to spin the wheel and that is how they will get the game that they can play.

**Note: The "Virtual Happy Hour" is part of the paid working time!**


# Installation
Clone the project in your repository using the following command:
```
$ git clone https://git.fhict.nl/I485519/tss-groupproject.git
```

Then, open the TSS.xcodeproj file

When Xcode is opened, choose a type of iPhone you want to run the app on.

Finally, press the "Play" button in the upper left part of the screen.

**Note: You need a MacBook to open this app.**

# Features

##### Timer

##### Game of the day

##### Coffee breaks

